# d2 armory gui
D2 armory gui is used to serve the frontend for the [D2 Armory](https://github.com/nokka/d2-armory) project.

## Table of Contents
- [Project Structure](#folder-structure)
- [Available Scripts](#available-scripts)
  - [npm start](#npm-start)
  - [npm test](#npm-test)
  - [npm run build](#npm-run-build)

---

## Project Structure

### `build`
This folder is generated by the [npm run build](#npm-run-build) so never make any changes
in this folder, they'll be overwritten any time you run the build script and your changes
here won't be included in docker builds since docker will run the build script too.

---

### `config`
This folder contains all environment & webpack configuration for both `dev` and `prod` builds.

--- 

### `nginx`
This folder contains web server configuration with nginx that's used for Docker
build and used within [D2 Armory](https://github.com/nokka/d2-armory) project.

---

### `public`
This folder contains public assets such as images, fonts and `index.html` which is the entrypoint for the app.

---

### `scripts`
All available scripts to run, build and test the app.

- [npm start](#npm-start)
- [npm test](#npm-test)
- [npm run build](#npm-run-build)

---

### `src`
This is where all the source code resides and is where changes should be made.

---

## Available Scripts

In the project directory, you can run:

### `npm start`

Runs the app in the development mode.<br>
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in the browser.

The page will reload if you make edits.<br>
You will also see any lint errors in the console.

### `npm test`

Launches the test runner in the interactive watch mode.<br>
See the section about [running tests](#running-tests) for more information.

### `npm run build`

Builds the app for production to the `build` folder.<br>
It correctly bundles React in production mode and optimizes the build for the best performance.

The build is minified and the filenames include the hashes.<br>
